Guys.
What are you doing?
Is anyone home?
و You are so honest with your opinions.
Hey!
My brother gave us a punishment.
Why are you being so hard on your wife?
People have jobs off the financial side.
If the other man allows it,
there will be no bad escaped closing M instruction label
by the same red Yunjo injured.
Hey, hit it again
другие business takes time
You haven't broken protein to respectable
I maybe don't know
That place your anger
Damn it
You're so mean.
Hey, hey, hey.
Get up.
I said get up.
Hey, hey.
What?
I said get up.
You're so mean.
You're a terrible, selfish person.
Why are you doing this?
I don't like it.
I don't like this kind of people.
They're so mean.
Get up.
I don't like this kind of people.
What are you doing?
I'm not talking about you, stupid guy.
I'm not talking about you.
If I tell you no one's connecting to you,
we're going to come to prison.
So you're useless to me.
You're no worse than garbage to me.
No one thinks wrong of that kind of people,
they simply make us happy.
This kind of person is a total moron.
Your type of person is 100% innocent.
The effect of this is a complex system.
I told you to run away.
But you didn't listen to me.
Give me money.
I don't have money.
I'm sure you have money.
Give me money.
I don't have money.
You lied.
I told you to run away.
I told you to go away.
You lie.
I told you not to do that.
You lied.
I told you no one will take this money.
You said you didn't have money.
You lied.
You said it was something you didn't know.
Was taken out from Chenan mushrooms.
They were like price
I was working in the field, and I was working in the field.
I couldn't eat anything, so I went to the forest to get some food.
I was hungry, so I went to the forest to get some food.
I was looking at the forest.
I said,
I'm a good businessman.